---
layout: post
title: "Week 5"
---
## Blog Post Week 5

### Comment on the videos you watched and the class discussion about them from this week. 
### Were you surprised by anything you learned? 
Yes, I watched the social good videos for group 2, Food Computer and Farming for the Future. I was surprised by how they discussed the intersection of open source and farming with the grow boxes and then transitioned to talking about sustainable farming and then talking about the use of this topic for space exploration.

### What role, do you think, you could play as a computer scientist to address some of the issues mentioned in the discussion and videos?
I think as a computer scientist, there are many roles I could play to address the issues. For the topics in group 2, computer scientists are needed for programming firmware for hardware, educating students, data science/analysis for sensor data.

### Comment on your small contributions: how are things going, what types of contributions were you able to make?
I have made two contributions to Wikipedia, and will be looking to make issue reports or OpenStreetMap contributions next. 
### What are the biggest challenges?
For me, the biggest challenge was finding a subject I felt authoritative on that was also not extremely mainstream since I wanted my contribution to be significant rather than something that may have been edited over immediately, 
### Which contribution are you most proud of?
I currently am most proud of my first wikipedia contribution. My first contribution for this class was also my first contribution to any open source project and as such, I am proud of it despite how insignificant it may seem. 