---
layout: post
title: "Week 13"
---
## Blog Post Week 13

### Reflect on our discussion about the lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar. Was your choice of favorite lesson afected by the discussion and opinions voiced by other students in the class?
My favorite quote/lesson was "Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging." and I'm genuinely suprised no one else voted for it. I chose this one because in my experiences working on projects that people will use, I have found it very easy to get caught up in the feeling that since you are developing it, you know best for the project and features. However, it is very important to remember that at the end of the day you are creating this project for the users, not yourself.

### Also reflect on your group's progress. What are some challenges that you (as a group) need to overcome? What are some challenges that you (as an individual) need to overcome?
As a group, a challenge we need to overcome and are in the process of overcoming is availbility of issues to work on. We are overcoming this by starting create our own larger sized issue reporting, so instead of just bug fixing, we are also bug finding. Personally, a challenge to overcome is working on a PR as soon as an issue is available. In the past, I would occasionally scroll through the issues to find new ones and take a note of it, however, usually by the time I was ready to work on it, someone else had already submitted a PR.