---
layout: post
title: "Week 1: First Week of OSSD!"
---
### Open Source
When I hear the term "open source" I think of sharing, collaboration, transparency and general "goodness", I am aware this take seems unthought through but that is because it is the first thing to pop in my mind. I am looking forward to learning the specifics and tuning my idea of open source into something more accurate! Some potential problems with open source may include difficulty verifying authenticty, difficulty locating most updated versions. I decided to register for this class because I think it would be great to buff up my GitHub, and get guidance in an academic setting on how to do this. 
### Projects
1. uBlock Origin
- likely the open source project I use the most, uBlock Origin is a browser extension that blocks advertisements
2. Git
- I have used Git, Github, and Bitbucket very often, usually for every computer science class I have and I could not imagine being a computer science student without a free, open source resource like Git.
3. Audacity
- Audacity is a free open source audio editing software (similar to FL studio but jankier). Being free, it is many audio editor and music producers' introductory tool to their field since many of the professional alternatives require subscriptions that can cost hundreds of dollars per year.
4. scikit-learn
- Scikit-learn is a free and opensource python library for data science and machine learning I have used in the past. It is extremely powerful and quite easy to get started with.
